It was because of the war before
So I don't have time to think about it.
But now the war is over.
Has decided to take over personally
Your safety will be entrusted to you in the future
You trust us?
Really?
Really? Really?
You have to believe me.
And I only told you.
I want you to keep it a secret.
I suspect there are also repairs around us.
Resigned Undercover
Ok I choose to believe
But the next step
What should we do?
According to my judgment
The backstage of Song Qiu Temple must also know
Ready to start meddling in SM
So
If they have plans for SM girls
Will definitely start entering the picture right away
Shen Qingyuan
We've come to take revenge on you.
Sisters block the door
Don't let either of them go.
I really mean Cao Cao, Cao Cao is coming!
up